Created Initial write up of globals.md (#2537)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/globals/globals.md

---
Title: 'globals()'
Description: 'Returns a dictionary with all the global variables and symbols for the current program.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Dictionary'
  - 'Scope'
  - 'Symbol'
  - 'Values'
  - 'Variable Types'
  - 'Variables'
 CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The built-in **`globals()`** function allows access to the global scope's name table, which is a writable dictionary containing the current global names and their corresponding values in the code. This function can be used to access or modify the value of a global variable from within functions.

## Syntax

```shell
globals()
```

The `globals()` method doesn't take any parameters.

The `globals()` method returns the dictionary of the current global symbol table.

## Examples

### Example 1

```py
length = 123

print(globals())

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra blank line.

---
Title: 'globals()'
Description: 'Returns a dictionary with all the global variables and symbols for the current program.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Dictionary'
  - 'Scope'
  - 'Symbol'
  - 'Values'
  - 'Variable Types'
  - 'Variables'
 CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The built-in **`globals()`** function allows access to the global scope's name table, which is a writable dictionary containing the current global names and their corresponding values in the code. This function can be used to access or modify the value of a global variable from within functions.

## Syntax

```shell
globals()
```

The `globals()` method doesn't take any parameters.

The `globals()` method returns the dictionary of the current global symbol table.

## Examples

### Example 1

```py
length = 123

print(globals())

```

> This code returns the following dictionary. Notice that the **length** global variable is listed in the dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code returns the following dictionary. Notice that the `length` global variable is listed in the dictionary.
```

```shell

> {'__name__': '__main__', '__doc__': None, '__package__': None, '__loader__': <class '_frozen_importlib.BuiltinImporter'>, '__spec__': None, '__annotations__': {}, '__builtins__': <module 'builtins' (built-in)>, 'age': 23}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{'__name__': '__main__', '__doc__': None, '__package__': None, '__loader__': <class '_frozen_importlib.BuiltinImporter'>, '__spec__': None, '__annotations__': {}, '__builtins__': <module 'builtins' (built-in)>, 'length': 123}
```

---
Title: 'globals()'
Description: 'Returns a dictionary with all the global variables and symbols for the current program.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Dictionary'
  - 'Scope'
  - 'Symbol'
  - 'Values'
  - 'Variable Types'
  - 'Variables'
 CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The built-in **globals()** function allows you to access the global scope's name table, which is a writable dictionary containing the current global names and their corresponding values in your code. You can also use this function to access or even modify the value of a global variable from with functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The built-in **globals()** function allows access to the global scope's name table, which is a writable dictionary containing the current global names and their corresponding values in the code. This function can be used to access or modify the value of a global variable from within functions.
```
Try not to use pronouns.

Reviewer: In addition to avoiding first- and second- person pronouns, put single backticks around `globals()` as well as bolding it:

```
**`globals()`**
```

## Syntax

```shell
globals()
```

The `globals()` method doesn't take any parameters.

> The globals() method returns the dictionary of the current global symbol table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `globals()` method returns the dictionary of the current global symbol table.
```

> <br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Remove HTML and replace with a blank line.

## Examples

### Example 1

```py
length = 123

print(globals())

```

> This code returns the following dictionary. <br>Notice that the **length** global variable is listed in the dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code returns the following dictionary. Notice that the `length` global variable is listed in the dictionary.
```

```shell
{'__name__': '__main__', '__doc__': None, '__package__': None, '__loader__': <class '_frozen_importlib.BuiltinImporter'>, '__spec__': None, '__annotations__': {}, '__builtins__': <module 'builtins' (built-in)>, 'age': 23}

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

> ### Example 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Example 2
```
Blank line before and after headers.

```py
length = 123

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

globals()['length'] = 125
print('The length is:', length)

```

> The global variable **length** is set to **123**. The global variable in this example can be modified using the **globals()** method with the dictionary key [length]. It can be also modified from within a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The global variable `length` is set to `123`. The global variable in this example can be modified using the `globals()` function with the dictionary key `[length]`. It can be also modified from within a function.
```

> The code will return

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code will return:
```

```shell
The length is: 125
```

## Codebyte Example

> Use `globals()` to get the symbol table 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `globals()` to get the symbol table:
```

```codebyte/python
print(globals())

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
